isolated and on foot the crew were
vulnerable at all times and with so many
male bears out on the sea ice Doug had
to keep his wits about him with the
batteries females den on steep slopes
but predicting where they would emerge
was proving a real challenge
after weeks of searching the crew
finally got lucky this is fantastic
she's open the slopes for four weeks
we've been waiting to get this one
opportunity but no this hardly is just
fantastic post behind the mother bear
her tiny eight week old Cubs
with the sequins in the can the crew
were able to relax but not for long
something this pair is much too close
for comfort this guy a reminder that we
are only visitors in the polar bears
world you get an eye on doggies coming
back that way get the gun
you